DOC-1822: Edit mailing/billing address UX changes (#2376)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/billing-and-payments.md

To download an invoice:

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then make sure the Billing History tab is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and make sure the Billing History tab is selected.
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then make sure the Billing History tab is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments > Billing History**.
```

Or you could remove the "Billing History" part and just specify this tab in the next step:

```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments**.
```

> 2.  Locate and select the invoice.

Reviewer 2: If you choose to remove "Billing History" from the previous step:
```suggestion
2.  From the **Billing History** tab, locate and select the invoice.
```

To add a new payment method:

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** > **Payment Methods** .
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.
```

> 2.  Select **Add credit card** and then provide the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Select **Add credit card** and add the credit card details.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/billing-add-credit-card.png" width="80%" alt="Select Add Credit Card to add a new payment method" >}}{{< /image >}}

3.  If you need to change the account billing address for this card, activate the **Change Address** slider and enter the new billing address.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/billing-update-billing-address.png" width="80%" alt="Deactivate the Use account address slider to specify a different billing address." >}}{{< /image >}}

    {{< note >}}
Changing the billing address to your account will remove any payment methods associated with the old billing address. 
    {{< /note >}}

> 4.  Select the **Add Credit Card** button to save your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.  Select the **Add credit card** button to save your changes.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/button-billing-save-card.png" width="150px" alt="Use the Save Card button to save new payment details." >}}{{< /image >}}

## Edit billing address

> To edit the account billing address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit the Redis Cloud account billing address:
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer: Another options for these types of steps 

```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** > **Payment Methods**.
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.
```

> 2. Select the **Credit Card options** menu and select **Edit billing address**.

Reviewer: Same type of suggestion to cut length as above: 
```suggestion
2. Select **Credit Card options** > **Edit billing address**.
```

> 2. Select the **Credit Card options** menu and select **Edit billing address**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the **Credit card options** menu and select **Edit billing address**.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/billing-credit-card-options-menu.png" alt="The Credit Card options menu on the upper-right hand corner of the payment method." width="200px">}}{{< /image >}}

3. Enter the new billing address. You must re-enter your payment method details to confirm your address change.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/account-settings-change-billing-address.png" alt="The Edit account billing address screen." width="80%">}}{{< /image >}}

    {{< note >}}

> Changing the billing address to your account will remove any payment methods associated with the old billing address. See [Add payment method](#add-payment-method) to learn how to add a payment method back to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the billing address for your account will remove any payment methods associated with the old billing address. See [Add payment method](#add-payment-method) to learn how to add a payment method back to your account.
```

    {{< /note >}}

## Edit mailing address

To edit the mailing address associated with a payment method:

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** > **Payment Methods** .
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Payment Methods** tab.
```

> 2. Select the **Credit Card options** menu and select **Edit mailing address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select  **Credit Card options** > **Edit mailing address**.
```

> 2. Select the **Credit Card options** menu and select **Edit mailing address**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the **Credit card options** menu and select **Edit mailing address**.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/billing-credit-card-options-menu.png" alt="The Credit Card options menu on the upper-right hand corner of the payment method." width="200px">}}{{< /image >}}

3. If the mailing address is different from the billing address, deactivate the **Use billing address** slider and enter the new mailing address. 

    {{<image filename="images/rc/billing-change-mailing-address.png" alt="The Edit mailing address screen." width="80%">}}{{< /image >}}

## Apply coupon

Coupons apply credits to your Redis Enterprise Cloud account.  To redeem a coupon:

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Credits** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** > **Credits**.
```

> 1. In the Redis Cloud [admin portal](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Credits** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the Redis Cloud [admin console](https://app.redislabs.com/), select **Billing & Payments** and then select the **Credits** tab.
```

> 2.  Enter the coupon code and then select the **Apply** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Enter the coupon code and select the **Apply** button.
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/button-billing-payments-apply.png" width="80px" alt="Use the Apply button to redeem a coupon." >}}{{< /image >}}

>     The value of the coupon is applied to your account when accepted.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The value of the coupon applies to your account when accepted.  
```

Reviewer: Active voice change
